README.md, before:

####This is a test repo for the purpose of learning laravel and will not be maintained long term.

The documentation used to start this app is found at <a href="https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/installation> laravel docs</a> or in spanish at <a href="https://documentacionlaravel.com/docs/11.x"> documentacion Laravel</a>







<p align="center"><a href="https://laravel.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/laravel/art/master/logo-lockup/5%20SVG/2%20CMYK/1%20Full%20Color/laravel-logolockup-cmyk-red.svg" width="400" alt="Laravel Logo"></a></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/laravel/framework/actions"><img src="https://github.com/laravel/framework/workflows/tests/badge.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/laravel/framework" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/laravel/framework" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/laravel/framework" alt="License"></a>
</p>

## About Laravel

Laravel is a web application framework with expressive, elegant syntax. We believe development must be an enjoyable and creative experience to be truly fulfilling. Laravel takes the pain out of development by easing common tasks used in many web projects, such as:

- [Simple, fast routing engine](https://laravel.com/docs/routing).
- [Powerful dependency injection container](https://laravel.com/docs/container).
- Multiple back-ends for [session](https://laravel.com/docs/session) and [cache](https://laravel.com/docs/cache) storage.
- Expressive, intuitive [database ORM](https://laravel.com/docs/eloquent).
- Database agnostic [schema migrations](https://laravel.com/docs/migrations).
- [Robust background job processing](https://laravel.com/docs/queues).
- [Real-time event broadcasting](https://laravel.com/docs/broadcasting).

Laravel is accessible, powerful, and provides tools required for large, robust applications.

## Learning Laravel

Laravel has the most extensive and thorough [documentation](https://laravel.com/docs) and video tutorial library of all modern web application frameworks, making it a breeze to get started with the framework.

You may also try the [Laravel Bootcamp](https://bootcamp.laravel.com), where you will be guided through building a modern Laravel application from scratch.

If you don't feel like reading, [Laracasts](https://laracasts.com) can help. Laracasts contains thousands of video tutorials on a range of topics including Laravel, modern PHP, unit testing, and JavaScript. Boost your skills by digging into our comprehensive video library.

## Laravel Sponsors

We would like to extend our thanks to the following sponsors for funding Laravel development. If you are interested in becoming a sponsor, please visit the [Laravel Partners program](https://partners.laravel.com).

### Premium Partners

- **[Vehikl](https://vehikl.com/)**
- **[Tighten Co.](https://tighten.co)**
- **[WebReinvent](https://webreinvent.com/)**
- **[Kirschbaum Development Group](https://kirschbaumdevelopment.com)**
- **[64 Robots](https://64robots.com)**
- **[Curotec](https://www.curotec.com/services/technologies/laravel/)**
- **[Cyber-Duck](https://cyber-duck.co.uk)**
- **[DevSquad](https://devsquad.com/hire-laravel-developers)**
- **[Jump24](https://jump24.co.uk)**
- **[Redberry](https://redberry.international/laravel/)**
- **[Active Logic](https://activelogic.com)**
- **[byte5](https://byte5.de)**
- **[OP.GG](https://op.gg)**

## Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to the Laravel framework! The contribution guide can be found in the [Laravel documentation](https://laravel.com/docs/contributions).

## Code of Conduct

In order to ensure that the Laravel community is welcoming to all, please review and abide by the [Code of Conduct](https://laravel.com/docs/contributions#code-of-conduct).

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within Laravel, please send an e-mail to Taylor Otwell via [taylor@laravel.com](mailto:taylor@laravel.com). All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

## License

The Laravel framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

docs(readme): added project goals and notes to the readme.

README.md, after:

#### This is a test repo for the purpose of learning laravel and will not be maintained long term.

The documentation used to start this app is found at <a href="https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/installation"> laravel docs</a> or in spanish at <a href="https://documentacionlaravel.com/docs/11.x"> documentacion Laravel</a>

The goals for this project are as follows
- [ ] allow people to sign up as users in order to use the application.
- [ ] stop non users from accessing the rest of the app using authentication.
- [ ] allow users to add each other as friends.
- [ ] allow friends to send messages to each other that get stored in a DB
- [ ] have messages appear in real time, both sending and recieving.
- [ ] allow users to create groups with multiple friends to share messages together.
- [ ] allow users to see when their friend is actively typing a message.
- [ ] open a tunnel in order to share this app for test purposes.

## Notes
Minimal css styling is expected for this project, only enough to make it usable.
The integration of svelte for the front end is expected for this project.
clean or maintainable code is not expected for this project.q

 


</br>
</br>
</br>
</br>
</br>
</br>

<p align="center"><a href="https://laravel.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/laravel/art/master/logo-lockup/5%20SVG/2%20CMYK/1%20Full%20Color/laravel-logolockup-cmyk-red.svg" width="400" alt="Laravel Logo"></a></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/laravel/framework/actions"><img src="https://github.com/laravel/framework/workflows/tests/badge.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/laravel/framework" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/laravel/framework" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/laravel/framework" alt="License"></a>
</p>

## About Laravel

Laravel is a web application framework with expressive, elegant syntax. We believe development must be an enjoyable and creative experience to be truly fulfilling. Laravel takes the pain out of development by easing common tasks used in many web projects, such as:

- [Simple, fast routing engine](https://laravel.com/docs/routing).
- [Powerful dependency injection container](https://laravel.com/docs/container).
- Multiple back-ends for [session](https://laravel.com/docs/session) and [cache](https://laravel.com/docs/cache) storage.
- Expressive, intuitive [database ORM](https://laravel.com/docs/eloquent).
- Database agnostic [schema migrations](https://laravel.com/docs/migrations).
- [Robust background job processing](https://laravel.com/docs/queues).
- [Real-time event broadcasting](https://laravel.com/docs/broadcasting).

Laravel is accessible, powerful, and provides tools required for large, robust applications.

## Learning Laravel

Laravel has the most extensive and thorough [documentation](https://laravel.com/docs) and video tutorial library of all modern web application frameworks, making it a breeze to get started with the framework.

You may also try the [Laravel Bootcamp](https://bootcamp.laravel.com), where you will be guided through building a modern Laravel application from scratch.

If you don't feel like reading, [Laracasts](https://laracasts.com) can help. Laracasts contains thousands of video tutorials on a range of topics including Laravel, modern PHP, unit testing, and JavaScript. Boost your skills by digging into our comprehensive video library.

## Laravel Sponsors

We would like to extend our thanks to the following sponsors for funding Laravel development. If you are interested in becoming a sponsor, please visit the [Laravel Partners program](https://partners.laravel.com).

### Premium Partners

- **[Vehikl](https://vehikl.com/)**
- **[Tighten Co.](https://tighten.co)**
- **[WebReinvent](https://webreinvent.com/)**
- **[Kirschbaum Development Group](https://kirschbaumdevelopment.com)**
- **[64 Robots](https://64robots.com)**
- **[Curotec](https://www.curotec.com/services/technologies/laravel/)**
- **[Cyber-Duck](https://cyber-duck.co.uk)**
- **[DevSquad](https://devsquad.com/hire-laravel-developers)**
- **[Jump24](https://jump24.co.uk)**
- **[Redberry](https://redberry.international/laravel/)**
- **[Active Logic](https://activelogic.com)**
- **[byte5](https://byte5.de)**
- **[OP.GG](https://op.gg)**

## Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to the Laravel framework! The contribution guide can be found in the [Laravel documentation](https://laravel.com/docs/contributions).

## Code of Conduct

In order to ensure that the Laravel community is welcoming to all, please review and abide by the [Code of Conduct](https://laravel.com/docs/contributions#code-of-conduct).

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within Laravel, please send an e-mail to Taylor Otwell via [taylor@laravel.com](mailto:taylor@laravel.com). All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

## License

The Laravel framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
